Two Pointers :
	Two pointers is a technique used to solve problems in Linear running Time.
	In this Technique, you will use two pointers to approach the problem
	
	Types of Pointer technique:
		1.Left-Right Pointers or (Start-End ,Low-High)				---->First(Take One Day)
		2.Fast-Slow Pointers							---->Second(One Day)
		3.More than Two Pointers						---->Third(One Day)
	Note:The More than Two Pointers can be approached by using the same kind of approach that you use in the two pointers 
	
	
	
	
	Must Read :
		There above contents are Made on my own. So, It may have some Grammatical mistakes So kindly Use AI to know about it completely.
		It is just a SheetSheet for you people so Dont fully Depend on it.
		Use the Template for solving problems and the template may have to be modified for some problems to achieve the Exact Output So understand the problem Completely and use it accordingly.
		Below I have given Some of the Problem for you to practice this technique so kindly use it.
		
		
		
		Best Practice Order (Recommended)
			follow this order to master two pointers:
			Step 1 - Reverse String, Valid Palindrome, Move Zeroes.
			Step 2 - Two Sum II, Remove Duplicates, Squares of Sorted Array.
			Step 3 - Container With Most Water, 3Sum, Sort Colors.
			Step 4 - Trapping Rain Water, Minimum Window Substring
		
1. LeetCode Two Pointer Problems
Easy

Problem	Concept
Two Sum II – Input Array Is Sorted	
Valid Palindrome	
Merge Sorted Array	
Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array	
Remove Element	
Squares of a Sorted Array	
Reverse String	
Move Zeroes	

Medium
Problem	Concept
3Sum	Two pointers + sorting
Container With Most Water	
3Sum Closest	Two pointer
Sort Colors 
Partition Labels	

2. GeeksforGeeks Two Pointer Problems

Easy

Pair with given sum in sorted array
Remove duplicates from sorted array
Move all zeroes to end
Reverse array
Check palindrome string

Medium

Count pairs with given sum
Triplet sum in array
Find pair with difference
Trapping rain water
Segregate 0s and 1s

Hard

Smallest window containing all characters
Minimum swaps to group elements
Count distinct elements in window
